Labs Blog alt text mini sprint! (#2)
isabela-pf/quansight-labs-site: posts/2019/04/joining_labs.md

When I started working on NumPy and SciPy the world was simple: projects with Subversion repositories, mailing lists, and volunteers, and a couple of yearly conferences. Today the landscape looks a lot more complex. This rough sketch attempts to capture a part (all doesn't fit on a 2-D canvas) of how I think it looks from a community or project perspective:

> ![Ecosystem landscape from project view ](/images/community_landscape.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of a word cloud emphasizing the interrelationship of Projects with Assets, Funding and Community](/images/community_landscape.png)
```

This was the view from my window on my first day: a ship with the letters "APL" on it:

> ![Ship with APL logo ](/images/out_of_the_window_APL_ship.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of a ship in the ocean, with APL written on it ](/images/out_of_the_window_APL_ship.jpg)
```
